Say
The little sister only said not to let Luyuan be my assistant
I didn't say I couldn't go to work at Lu Enterprises Group.
Hey
If you want to be beaten, don't pull me on.
Oh, the little girl is so poor.
Been tricked by scum
I was hit by you and hurt all over
You are responsible
Okay, let him come to the company to find me tomorrow.
I wish you could take all the things
All made a mess
Wipe it
Thanks.
Did Miss Luo often come to the aquarium before?
No, I just used to work here.
I've seen you staring at these jellyfish for a long time
You like it very much.
OK
When I'm in a bad mood
I always like to stay here for a while
When did you form this habit?
It's been so long I don't remember.
Take the liberty to ask
Actually, how old are you?
I'm 20. What's wrong?
20 is about the same age as Wanzhen
An orphan since childhood
Love jellyfish
Do you have a bracelet?
There's a solid gold jellyfish on it.